Update information about using puma as a web server (#7506)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/libraries/ruby/index.mdx

end
```

> If you use puma with multiple workers, you can use the `on_worker_boot` hook (which is part of the puma's configuration) to enable the feature flag cache to receive the updates from posthog dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Evaluating feature flags locally in a Puma server

If you use Puma with multiple workers, you can use the `on_worker_boot` hook (which is part of the Puma's configuration) to enable the feature flag cache to receive the updates from PostHog.
```
